hey welcome your faces to the squadron
sanitarium were wonderful yeah
I got this dog like well from your face
is this thing from syndicate project
it's a good channel it's awesome Channel
I'm a big fan of this one and I love
minecraft gaming notes also yield Oh
back to squadron sinister Ishii number
one and this review I never expected
this comic to be this much of good
because I never expected this comic to
be well drawn and well as for the kind
of thing but it is super awesome the
illustrations and / neat and clean I
don't know what the reviews gonna be but
I really enjoyed this I don't know why
maybe the story is good or bad but I
don't know so here it is Comic Book
Resources outcome reveal this review is
by Jim Johnson so Carlos patria and
Mariano titles covered to squadron
sinister issue 1 bolder displays the
team of the same name standing
victorious over their vanquished foes an
alternate version of a similar team
known as the squadron Supremes with the
big ranches of both sides shown
vertically on either side it's not just
any version of the villa lanius group
the observant readers will recognize
this incarnation as the one created by J
my J michael Straczynski and guy Frank
over a decade ago Marc Guggenheim opens
up this issue with the very same battle
promised on the cover although the
outcome is a little bit different
there's also far more to begin and story
than a squadron versa squadron children
and while it might seem a little
disappointing that this showdown is over
so quickly there are plenty more
surprises and a for deeper plot than a
single cover image can convey Megan M
reaches deep into the dork and Forgotten
corners of Marvel Comics publishing
history some of these properties might
not have completely has kept readers
memories but they are certainly not
among the classics in fact some might
escape detection all together a reveal
with some of the visual clues provided
by piquillo how are like old high school
acquaintances it's still good to see
this familiar faces again after all
these decades and got
takes these captures and gives them a
welcoming nature but by virtue of their
unexpected presents and a valid if
minimal reason for them to period the
free-for-all nature of Marvel's Secret
Wars has given creatures a justifiable
reason to dole out old franchises and
Dagenham takes full advantage of that
opportunity Packer provides plenty of
other more recognizable Easter eggs
throughout the squadron's real-life
origins are rooted in Marvel's shot at
creating their own version of the
Justice League and with that connection
in mind dear or some very
familiar-looking props lying around the
squad room Citadel patio makes this
quadrant some come across as plentiful
aeneas while in action but also makes
them appear decidedly human under their
mosques so they're remarkably clean cut
to look hotness back to the era of their
original creation a look that's
appropriately and cleanly inked by
tribal so none of the creators forget
that the story is part of a larger one
and yeah that's where this story is
super enjoyable in my way so story is a
part of a larger one and to that end
there's a guest appearance of sorts from
one of the other sacred for Zion titles
a composite off a couple of Avengers
characters who's especially imposing and
carries more of a modern-day sinister
look a little scene with sate villain
gives patio and table and an opportunity
to provide an eye-catching tribute to
Bronze Age artist Gil Kane with one of
his uniquely dynamic and iconic process
the scene is professed with Hyperion and
warrior woman engaging in some comical
and destructive super foreplay Dagenham
delivers even more than super villain
battles and super sex though not that
there's anything wrong with those this
palpable tension between team members as
many have their own secret agendas deep
in the story making it even more
engaging than fooling around and
fisticuffs the various character driven
plot threads give they shoe the kind of
depth not normally seen in these kinds
of given event
spin-offs and the strong
characterization makes a case for
Gangnam patio and Tiber squadron
sinister to stick around even after
sacred ports finish yourself that's the
thing so hope you guys have enjoyed it
squadron sinister Asian number one
review here it ends it's your number one
for UN's not the whole squadron sinister
so this is a secret war Stein also yeah
the ending is really good and I really
enjoyed reviewing this comic book and
this thing I'm thinking about making it
a permanent job that thing so it will be
better so thanks for all of your support
I love you guys I know you guys love me
yeah I'm really happy with that also and
yeah thanks for all of the support this
is the squadron sinister warning I'm
gonna reveal wonder of the issue number
one reveal just ended up and comment
comment your opinion in the comment
section down below I want to see them
and I want to discuss with you guys
about this car squadron sinister what
they have in mind in Marvel comic book
those creators so just go to the store
buy this book and support the craters
and enjoy this comic book anywhere
because from online are from videos you
can't read this book properly so just
gonna stroll that's why buy this book
and adios